Did Long Fei see it?
Now I'm holding you down
What are you struggling with?
What landing trap?
Far less than I grind away half a cent
come in
Zoom out in front of me
You think I don't exist
thunder
How are you about to dissipate?
No, you are a crow's mouth
Shut up
Who said you would meet crazy people?
So what else do you have?
Actually made it out
Release and refine the sword with fire
Alchemy with gold and iron
Grandmaster and Yu's Sword Refining
No opportunity for yin and yang today
Starry Night
Refining swords with golden pills
Not today
Ah!
So threatening
A sword in the sky
OK
This sword can open the Heaven's Gate Slash, which is good for your devil body
Open the door to heaven with one sword
Tianmen will open the advanced jungle
A sword actually opened the gate of heaven
Get the opportunity to soar
Long Fei's once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to soar
Are you flying fast?
No matter how good the fairy world is
Without him
What's the point?
Can make you talk like this
Without your care all the way
There is no order to act
Oath made when memory is restored
This Life
I would.